Update the Zaraz documentation (#8282)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/faq.md

### Setting up Zaraz

#### Zaraz does not appear to be working.

> If you're experiencing issues with Zaraz, there could be multiple reasons behind it. First, it's important to verify that the Zaraz script is loading properly on your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are experiencing issues with Zaraz, there could be multiple reasons behind it. First, it's important to verify that the Zaraz script is loading properly on your website.
```
